#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.txt
#
anyio==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpcore
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   uvicorn
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
black==21.9b0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpx
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prance
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpx
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   typer
datamodel-code-generator[http]==0.11.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   fastapi-code-generator
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   pydantic
fastapi==0.68.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
fastapi-code-generator==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
genson==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.13.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
inflect==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
isort==5.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   fastapi-code-generator
jsonschema==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jinja2
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
openapi-schema-validator==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
prance==0.21.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
pydantic[email]==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-code-generator
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysnooper==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
    #   fastapi-code-generator
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
regex==2021.10.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prance
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   httpx
ruamel.yaml==0.17.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prance
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   ruamel.yaml
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   prance
shellingham==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   isodate
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   prance
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
starlette==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   fastapi
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   fastapi-code-generator
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   datamodel-code-generator
tomli==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
typer[all]==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   fastapi-code-generator
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   black
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.txt
